# Onboarding

Follow along this page in conjunction with [Resources](Resources%20d446878c6ced413f8ee5734b8a3ebe4c.md) for links. The primary steps for Navigation onboarding are based on specific areas of interest:

1. Obstacle Avoidance
    1. Progress
        1. Integrated depth information provided by the camera system to build a 3d occupancy matrix.
        2. Deployed the obstacle avoidance algorithm, specifically D*, to plan the path. Choose D* specifically due to its efficiency in replanning a path.
        3. Built a testing module to cluster objects together, simulating real-world obstacles.
    2. To-do
        1. Integrate depth information with a new Zed 2i camera.
        2. Fine-tune D*. Find issues using the testing module.
    3. Steps
        1. Learn more about [Camera Setup](../Landing/Resources/Camera%20Setup%2094fd64252d4a4fd98dcf39f02419008d.md) camera properties, libraries, and APIs.
        2. Clone the GitHub repository (steps explained in ReadMe; ignore RealSense library as we are switching over to the Zed 2i.)
        3. Read through the D* papers to understand the internals.
2. Localization (tracking the current location of the drone)
    1. Progress
        1. Selected GPS.
        2. Selected the SLAM algorithm for localization.
    2. To do
        1. Finish deploying the SLAM algorithm.
        2. Contact [https://engineering.purdue.edu/PURT](https://engineering.purdue.edu/PURT) for more advanced testing.
    3. Steps
        1. Learn about how the SLAM algorithm works.
        2. Learn integration with GPU computing needs (NVidia Jetson).
3. Flight Control (relatively new area)
    1. Progress
        1. Deployed a basic version of motion smoothing (for energy efficiency) utilizing Bezier curves.
    2. To do
        1. Utilize Pixhawk to get movement controls working.
        2. Contact [https://engineering.purdue.edu/PURT](https://engineering.purdue.edu/PURT) for more advanced testing.
        3. Integrate the bezier curves into the path planning stack.
    3. Steps
        1. Learn more about the Pixhawk flight controller.
        2. Connect the Pixhawk to the main drone.
4. Long-Term Path Planning
    1. Although currently not active, if it interests you, please talk to the sub-team lead.

Once you are done, go to ‣ and find a task/add a task you want to work on (communicate with sub-team lead for clarity.)

[https://navigation.ros.org/getting_started/index.html](https://navigation.ros.org/getting_started/index.html)