# Test drone

## How to charge

Use the ONYX 235 to charge the drone. Select it to 3 cell and change the mAh to match the battery mHa. The rest (charge time, charge current) auto-configures. The charger will stop when it knows the battery is full (the battery voltage gets to the standard level for a 3 cell lipo).

## Parts

- Battery (5200 mAh Zeee battery): 3 series cell battery that just connects to the drone power connector. The battery monitoring connector does not connect to the drone. That’s why it’s important to make sure battery charged outside.
    - Charge at 0.5C to 1 C
- Power module: Input from the battery and converts 11 V to voltage for pixihawk and motors
- Motor power board: The black board in the middle of the drone that connects the power from the battery to each of the motor controllers.
- Telemetry radio: Radio that connects the pixhawk to QGroundControl (your laptop)
- Other radio: For the radio controller to manually fly the drone

### Flying

The GPS receiver is particularly bad on this drone so you may need a very open area and might have to move it around a bit. You should see a green/blue flashing light once it is ready to fly. if red light then connect to QGroundControl and see issue.

To fly with controller, just turn controller on and make sure it is connected.

Use switch 3 from left and flip it to altitude stabilization.

Then arm it using leftmost switch.

Then you can takeoff. You’ll need a lot of throttle (past halfway) to takeoff. 

If you want to do missions:

1. Open QGroundControl
2. Connect SiK telemetry radio to your computer
3. Plan mission